my father was very careless and he left
traces of cocaine in the
bathroom everywhere well in the bathroom and
all over the house okay And and he said that the
mother sanjenjo
sanjenjo
San sencho I see San senso better eh San
census
So the father was leaving traces of
cocaine everywhere and then the
mother had told the children be
careful if you see the white powder there and
suck it
poop and it's
like How So the mother said to the
children Yes if you see white powder let's
see like let's see I think I'm
not going to leave sugar there on a
table or lime or salt or anything like that
no but bu the mother so
they could check
okay San sencho Well now we're going to
debate about How do you say San
senso on TV they said San
senso is like Mexico or
Mexico jav you caught us off guard
ironing orej mencha that can be seen
later for a while Barbara Rey saw
her children
secretly in
school lunchtime according to the headmistress
Until the father made a
big fuss in the headmistress's office and
almost hit Barbara apparently right
there in front Hello Javi Good
afternoon mother what I see worse is the
crime they are committing
for extorting the king what is she doing Of course they
extorted the king apart from everything
but we'll see what happens with this
because there have also been crimes committed that's
strong I'm commenting on the
headlines of the family thing now
then for the issue of the King let's watch the
video of Pilar aire
okay
well she gets the case back the judge gives her the
house Ángel Cristo before leaving he leaves the
house empty without cables without lamps without
anything it's worth annoying the mother and
leaves the children evidently
annoyed also the mother the vice
of bingo
okay the father even went to bingo on one
occasion with a gun chasing her
everywhere he followed her around
the house shooting almost hitting her in the
leg brutal eh be brutal brutal
brutal the life of these people
Uh that when the mother went out in an
interview the whole school would  to
tell the child things I jerk off to
your mother I don't know what the
school gossip Okay and that she put Orfidal on him This I'm
going to look into because I
wrote it down
Orfidal because I don't know I don't know what
Orfidal is for Orfidal is used as a
tranquilizer
anxiolytic to avoid nervousness and
anxiety but
this Orfidal I understand that it will be like Barial
Hill Maybe or even stronger than
Barial
Hill
Orfidal this This I imagine it will be
stronger than the one that Vari Hil and
I imagine that also to
buy this you will need a prescription it
is not for sleeping
Well then she put it in the
child's Bibi but
that
Orfidal Orfidal is very strong No of course it
is stronger of course Barial Gile they are
like little drops that they sometimes
give to children so they don't sleep
because they don't sleep because they don't rest
but I understand and that's it and that's it It is with a
prescription and and you have to be in a
critical case where the child doesn't sleep
but Orfidal is even stronger  I
understand it's
not strong for an adult in
fact it's like
say [ __ ] [ __ ] Let's
see some
scenes I'm telling you you can send it to
WhatsApp you can send audio if you want
if you're watching the live eh that then you
watch the live on delay it's then at
the cinema with the children and you're
sending me audios of of to the
Christ my mother well needed money
to pay the people to whom in the end I
end up paying or money to go to the
casino or to pay some
loan casino at 17 years old until they
caught me that I didn't have meat and they asked me
please to leave the casino
obviously at the beginning you are not
aware of the problem that it has It is
true that the casino gave us food during
the time of the pesos and well at the
beginning it was controlled a little
and I won But well that ended
quickly then there was the part
Where I already needed money and I took out
more money when the card no longer gave
more because I knew that to borrow it and in the
end I was the one who went to the
casino bathrooms to take the money that
the lenders gave him so that  if they saw
her
taking it Look at her look at her with the envelope and and and
why is the photocall going with the envelope
in her
hand
my goodness, how I always took that money,
well when my mother didn't
pay later she would ask me for it
when they came to my house on the
weekends to settle accounts with my mother my
mother didn't want to go out She didn't want to open the
door and it's not that she was sleeping it's
not that she asked me to take care of them
and to face some
dangerous loan sharks the attitude with which they came to the
house was not friendly is it true Look at what you
're telling me eh It's weird it's
weird it's weird now we'll see that
Mimi published a tweet with the screenshot
but it's been very strange because this
boy has come out to tell these things and
speak badly of the mother
suddenly but totally
suddenly totally suddenly I think it has to
do with the issue that they
are asking them for money from the Treasury and this
problem that they have and they need the
money and I think that this interview I think I do
n't know if we will know it at some point or
not  we will never know but I think that
this interview has had or rather I think
that this interview agrees with
the mother and the sister I think that
this interview agrees with the
mother and the
sister a lot a lot a lot of money in the
casino it can be from 100 to 000
in one night do you think he has a
gambling addiction Of course yes it is not that I believe it it is
almost almost
documented constant stress because
despite the fact that a lot of money came into the
house it was never enough it never arrived they are
asking me for 2 years and 6 months in prison
for concealment of assets for having
signed something that my mother asked me for everything
many times she has asked me to
sign things well in the end you end up
doing whatever it takes for your mother
she is never to blame for anything the
fault of others she is not going to ask you for
forgiveness for getting you into a legal mess
where she could put you in jail but
that is the least of the
problems the most serious problems are the
psychological ones that come from a
totally unstructured and
chaotic family I think that what
the
son is telling Although it may be an interview in
agreement with the mother  for the subject of
collecting money or
whatever contradicting itself because it
went up contradicts that Ah Joe was the one who
uploaded it Ah I thought it was you
Mimi now we see but I think that I
think that almost everything he says is
true eh I think that I think that in
general it is a truthful testimony I was born
with a side wound they detected it
late and I cried a lot because I would have
reflux my
stomach would hurt and since I didn't sleep well and I cried
a lot, well one told me that
sometimes he put orfidal in my
bottle so that I would sleep better
orfidal as for giving him pills for his
nerves it has been something
recurring she saw that there was a
problem mother of beautiful love but
as if not identified what the solution
was to medicate me but well the
medicaments are very bad and can end
the life of a
child that a child cannot stand that eh Let's see
I understand that a lot about the orfidal
a lot She has not been able to do it because if it is not
a child she cannot stand it eh I also tell you
eh and Sofia Cristo has posted this
story To support the mother the
greatest thing in my life I love you with all my
strength